.NET Feature Management v4.5.0 release notes (#1151)
Azure/AppConfiguration: releaseNotes/Microsoft.Featuremanagement.md

[Source code][source_code] | [Package (NuGet)][package] | [Samples][samples] | [Product documentation][docs]

## 4.5.0 - April 23, 2026

### Enhancements

* Added support for custom feature definition providers to pass filter settings directly by using `ParametersObject`, reducing configuration-conversion overhead for non-configuration-backed sources. [#589](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/pull/589)

> * Improved filter parameter caching behavior for custom feature definition providers that wrap the built-in ConfigurationFeatureDefinitionProvider. [#367](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/issues/367)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved filter parameter caching behavior for custom feature definition providers that wrap the built-in `ConfigurationFeatureDefinitionProvider`. [#367](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/issues/367)
```

> * Improved filter parameter caching behavior for `ConfigurationWrapper`-based feature definitions to reduce repeated parameter binding work during feature evaluation. [#367](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/issues/367)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved filter parameter caching behavior for custom feature definition providers that wrap the built-in ConfigurationFeatureDefinitionProvider. [#367](https://github.com/microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet/issues/367)
```
